LICENSE AGREEMENT

By downloading or using this software made available by MagicBell, Inc.
("MagicBell") or any documentation that accompanies it (collectively, the
"Software"), you and the company or entity that you represent (collectively,
"you" or "your") are consenting to be bound by and are becoming a party to this
License Agreement (this "Agreement").  You hereby represent and warrant that you
are authorized and lawfully able to bind such company or entity that you
represent to this Agreement.  If you do not have such authority or do not agree
to all of the terms of this Agreement, you may not download or use the Software.  

LICENSE GRANT.  Subject to your compliance with and the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, MagicBell, Inc. ("MagicBell") hereby grants you a limited,
personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to (a) use,
install, and run the Software solely to create and display a customized user
interface in connection with your internal use of MagicBellâ€™s embeddable
notification inbox product (the "MagicBell Product"); and (b) modify the
Software (the results thereof, "Modifications") solely to customize your user
interface in connection with your use of the MagicBell Product; (c) compile and
execute object code versions of the Software (including as incorporating your
Modifications) solely to use internally your customized MagicBell Product user
interface; and (d) make electronic copies of the Software and any Modifications
as required for backup or archival purposes.  You acknowledge that your use of
any components provided with the Software that are licensed under an open source
software license ("Open Source Components") are not part of the Software
licensed hereunder and are subject to and governed solely by the terms of the
applicable license(s) for that software, and not by this Agreement.

RESTRICTIONS.  You are responsible for all activities that occur in connection
with the Software.  Except as otherwise expressly authorized by MagicBell, you
may not directly or indirectly: (a) sublicense, sell, assign, distribute,
modify, make derivative works of, make any commercial use of, use on a timeshare
or service bureau basis, use for the benefit of a third party or otherwise
commercialize the Software (or any Modifications); (b) allow third parties to
access or use the source code of the Software (or any Modifications); use the
Software (or any Modifications) to create or facilitate the creation of, or
otherwise incorporate any portion of the Software (or any Modifications) in,
any product or service that is competitive with the MagicBell Product; (c) use
the Software (or any Modifications) to perform comparisons or other
"benchmarking" activities; (d) remove any proprietary notices or branding from
the Software; and/or (e) use the Software (or any Modifications) in violation
of any applicable laws or regulations or outside of the scope of the license
granted in Section 1.  You shall ensure that there is no direct or indirect use
of, or sharing of, the Software (or any Modifications), or other information
based upon or derived from the Software (or any Modifications) to develop such
competitive products.  Without derogating the generality of the foregoing,
development of any competitive product shall include having direct or indirect
access to, supervising, consulting or assisting in the development of, or
product any specifications, documentations, object code or source code for, all
or part of any competitive product.

AUTHORIZED USERS.  Subject to the rights granted to you under this Agreement,
you may permit your employees, contractors and agents to exercise the rights
granted herein in accordance with the Agreement solely on behalf of you to
provide services to you, provided that you are liable for all acts and omissions
thereof to the extent that any such acts and omissions, if performed by you,
would constitute a breach or, or otherwise giver right to liability to you,
under this Agreement.  You represent and warrant that you shall not permit any
third party to access or use the Software (or any Modifications) except as
expressly permitted under this Agreement.

OPEN SOURCE COMPONENTS.  You and your authorized users shall not use any Open
Source Components in connection with the Software or any Modifications or in any
way that could subject the Software to an open source license.

OWNERSHIP.  As between MagicBell and you, MagicBell or its licensors shall own
and retain all proprietary rights, including all patent, copyright, trade
secret, trademark and other intellectual property rights, in and to the Software
and any Modifications and you hereby irrevocably transfer, convey and assign to
MagicBell all right, title, and interest in any Modifications regardless of
whether such Modifications are actually delivered to MagicBell.  MagicBell shall
have the exclusive right to apply for or register any patents, mask work rights,
copyrights, and such other proprietary protections with respect thereto. You
acknowledge that the license granted under Section 2 of this Agreement does not
provide you with title or ownership to the Software or any such Modifications,
but only a right of limited use under the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

You represent and warrant to MagicBell that you have the full right, and have
obtained all consents, approvals, authorizations, permits and licenses required
or necessary, to allow you to grant to MagicBell the assignments and rights
provided for herein and otherwise fully perform this Agreement (and have written
enforceable agreements with all persons necessary to give you the rights to do
the foregoing).

LIMITATIONS ON MODIFICATIONS TO SOFTWARE.  Notwithstanding any provision in this
Agreement, Modifications may only be created and used by you as permitted by
this Agreement.  You are solely responsible for all use of Modifications and,
without limiting anything herein, MagicBell will have no liability with respect
to Modifications.  You will not assert against MagicBell, its affiliates or
their customers, direct or indirect, agents and contractors, in any way, any
intellectual property rights that you may obtain relating to any Modifications
for the Software.

SUPPORT AND UPGRADES.  If MagicBell provides you with any upgrades, patches,
enhancements or fixes for the Software that it makes generally available free
of charge in connection with the Software, then the items that are provided will
become part of the Software and subject to this Agreement.  MagicBell shall have
no obligation, however, under this Agreement or otherwise to provide any
upgrades, patches, enhancements, fixes or any other support to you for the
Software. 

WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER.  USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
MAGICBELL PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS,
ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE.  MAGICBELL DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE SOFTWARE IS ERROR-FREE, WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, WILL MEET
ANY SPECIFIC NEED THAT YOU MAY HAVE, THAT ALL DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT
IT IS SUFFICIENTLY DOCUMENTED TO BE USEABLE BY YOU.  THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE AGREEMENT.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES
SHALL MAGICBELL OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER
PERSON WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT,
TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY,
FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL,
LOSS OF DATA, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, TECHNOLOGY OR
RIGHTS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, COMPUTER FAILURE OR
MALFUNCTION, OR OTHER DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (US$100), EVEN IF
AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

BASIS OF BARGAIN.  YOU AND MAGICBELL EACH RECOGNIZE AND AGREE THAT THE WARRANTY
DISCLAIMERS AND LIABILITY AND REMEDY LIMITATIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE MATERIAL,
BARGAINED FOR BASES FOR THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT THEY HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO
ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED IN DETERMINING THE CONSIDERATION TO BE GIVEN BY EACH PARTY
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE DECISION BY EACH PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT.

TERM AND TERMINATION.  The term of this Agreement will begin when the Software
is downloaded or accessed and shall continue until terminated pursuant to this
section. Either party may terminate this Agreement and the licenses granted
herein at any time.  MagicBell may terminate this Agreement and the licenses
granted in this Agreement immediately if you breach any provision of this
Agreement, including but not limited to, if you are or become a competitor of
the MagicBell or make or sell any competitive products, in additional to all
other available remedies.  Upon termination, all of your rights and licenses
under this Agreement cease to exist, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
rights in any Modifications you may have developed; you must cease exercise of
the licensed rights herein; you must destroy or remove from all hard drives,
networks, and storage media, all copies and extracts of the Software and all
Modifications in your possession or control; and this sentence, all remedies for
breach, and Sections 2 through 10 and 12 through 14 shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.  Any continued use of the Software by you or
attempt by you to exercise any rights under this Agreement after this Agreement
has been terminated will be considered copyright infringement and you will be
subject to all applicable remedies.  

FEEDBACK.  You agree that MagicBell may collect or you may provide to MagicBell
comments, feedback, suggestions or other information related to the Software, or
modifications, corrections, improvements, derivatives and extensions to the
Software (collectively, "Feedback"), and you hereby grant MagicBell the
perpetual and irrevocable right (and the perpetual and irrevocable right to
permit others) to use and fully exercise and exploit the Feedback in any manner
to improve, develop and otherwise exploit applications, services or technology,
and otherwise in connection with its business during and after the term of this
Agreement. 

GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  All software, technology, and accompanying
documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer software" and "commercial
computer software documentation," respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section
227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification,
reproduction, release, performance, display, transfer or disclosure of the
Software and accompanying documentation by any agency, department or other
entity of any government, shall be governed solely by the terms of this
Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by
the terms herein or in a writing signed by an authorized signatory on behalf of
MagicBell. No other rights are granted. 

MISCELLANEOUS.  You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, by operation of
law or otherwise, or any of your rights under this Agreement (including any
license rights granted to you), to any third party without MagicBellâ€™s prior
written consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

MagicBell may assign this Agreement, without consent, including, but not limited
to, affiliates or any successor to all or substantially all of its business or
assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of assets, sale
of stock, reorganization or otherwise.  Any attempted assignment or transfer in
violation of the foregoing will be null and void.  This Agreement contains the
complete agreement between you and MagicBell regarding the Software and
supersedes all prior agreements and representations between you and MagicBell
regarding the Software.  This Agreement may only be amended and any provision
may only be waived by a writing executed by both parties.  You agree to promptly
provide MagicBell with all information and documentation that MagicBell requests
to verify your compliance with this Agreement.  If any provision of this
Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be reformed to the
limited extent necessary to make it enforceable.  This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California, without
regard to its conflicts of laws provisions.  California will have exclusive
jurisdiction and venue under this Agreement.  The United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.
